>> Mike North: There are some abstract
constructs we're gonna talk about.
This is gonna look like we're doing
things in a way that's harder
than some obviously simpler paths.
But I'm taking you somewhere
that's worth going to.
So follow along with me.
So iterators, and the point of
an iterator is it allows us to
kind of walk through a linear
data structure of sorts, right?
A sequence of values.
We can access one at
a time from a collection.
And you can think of the iterator as
something that has a little bit of
state in it.
It keeps track of our current position.
And this is similar to how
a four loop would work, and
you can see here we're actually
using one in a four loop.
But when we talk about an iterator,
it is simply an object that has a function
on it, and
that function is called next, and
the value of this function
returns has two properties on it.
One is value and the other is done.
So you can see in this case,
we have, this is a Fibonacci
based iterator where we return
an object from this function.
And when we call next on the object
returned from this function, we're going
to compute the next Fibonacci value in
the sequence and we will stop when we hit
that termination condition, right,
as soon as we go past ten we will stop.
At that point we know we're done, but
otherwise we are returning a little
object that says, we are not done yet
and here's your current value.
So this is what that would look like.
And you get the Fibonacci sequence
where each number is the sum of the two
previous numbers.